♪
[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
As Goku prepared the Spirit
Bomb in a last-ditch effort
to thwart Frieza, Piccolo
bravely threw himself
into the thick of
the fray with the hope
of buying Goku
the time he needs.
Will their
desperate plan work?
The Battle continues... Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
♪
[FRIEZA grunting]
Huh?
[heavy breathing]
Huh. Impressive...
They scraped together
what little
power they had left.
Hmmm.
So the little pests
choose to intervene
from the sidelines...
They just won't rest
until I've been pushed
to the very
limits of my patience...
[FRIEZA chuckling]
You meddling brats...!
I hope you all
enjoy suffering
the same fate
as this planet...
[laughing]
Now...! Do it!
[heavy breathing]
♪
Okay... I think it's ready.
[chuckling]
Come on! Throw it!
[gasp]
Now Dad!
Aaaahhh!
Uh...
[BOTH gasp]
[FRIEZA] Wha--
What have you done?!
[whimper]
[PICCOLO] Get down!
I won't be subdued by this!
[struggling]
♪
[BOTH struggling]
[FRIEZA] This is... mere...
...child's... play...!
♪
[FRIEZA] Your measly tricks...
they're futile!
They don't frighten me...!
[FRIEZA yellling]
[scream]
[KRILLIN and GOHAN scream]
[GOKU and PICCOLO scream]
[BULMA screaming]
Ugh!
[digital ring]
[KING KAI] Huh? In--
[KING KAI] Incredible!
He-- He did it...!
Goku has actually won...!
Frieza has been overpowered!
[KING KAI lauhging]
Good has triumphed over evil!
The Bane of the
Universe is bested!
Goku's won?!
Hm. Come on. Was there
ever really any doubt?
♪
[heavy breathing]
There you are!
[KRILLIN] Hey... You alright?
You bet!
♪
Huh... Talk about
drastic landscaping.
[GOHAN wimper]
I don't see Dad...
For that matter,
where's Piccolo?
I don't like this.
That Spirit Bomb was huge...
What if the two of
them got swept away?!
Nah... No way.
But I can't
feel their... power...
Uh... Well of
course you can't;
it's not like you
have any energy left
to concentrate with.
Look, they had
each other's backs...
The two of them will be fine.
Hey... Over there...
I see something!
Huh?
[BOTH gasp]
It's Piccolo!
[struggling]
[GOKU coughs]
[GOKU heavy breathing]
Goku!
My dad...! He's
alive...! Yes!
[BOTH laugh]
Didn't I tell
you not to worry?
[BOTH laugh]
[KRILLIN laughing]
Wha-- Uh, oh.
Okay... Quick note...
When you're low on juice,
flying's kinda rough.
[lauhging] Hey, Dad...!
[GOHAN] Piccolo!
[KRILLIN] Look out below!
[GOHAN] Coming
in for a landing!
[BOTH laughing]
[laughing]
[GOHAN] Dad!
Go... han.
Wow...! That was amazing!
You're okay, right?
[chuckle]
[GOHAN laughing]
You were awesome!
Eh...
[laughing]
[chuckles]
[chuckle] You must've
been worried sick.
Man, that Spirit Bomb...!
What a doozey!
It was like a planet!
You better
believe it was.
The hopes of about
ninety-nine percent
of the universe were
packed into that thing.
Maybe...
But still...
I was afraid you'd
gotten caught in it.
Hmph. Come on, Gohan.
Give your father
and I some credit, huh?
[KRILLIN exhale]
Well... Guess it's
time to go home;
our heads held high. Heh...
Might actually have a chance
to live the dream.
[BOTH] Huh?
Heh. You're seriously
gonna make me spell out
what's at the top of my
"victory" list, aren't you...
Erm... A girlfriend.
Huh?
Uh...
[stutter]
[ALL laughing]
[KRILLIN chuckle]
Ready to go?
Lucky us, my little
spaceship should be able
to get us back in
just under six days...
Yay! I get to see
Mom and everyone
[GOHAN] in less than a week!
[laughing]
[GOHAN] Yeah!
[screams]
[PICCOLO] What is it?
Bulma's out
there somewhere...
I totally forgot!
[ribbiting]
Come on, Krillin...
Don't freak
me out like that...
From the look on your face
I thought Frieza'd
popped back up!
Yeah, well...
Just trust me...
He's, uh...
Got... nothing on her
when she's ticked off.
[GOKU] Hmm.
[laughing]
Don't make me laugh;
my body's already mad
enough at me as it is...
[chuckle]
How much strife this
little planet has endured
is hard to believe...
But... Perhaps, at
the very least...
The Grand Elder and
my ancient kinsmen
can at last rest peacefully.
Uh, um. How exactly
do you know
about the Grand Elder?
Hm?
Krillin, are you okay?
[KRILLIN] It... can't be...!
♪
[ALL] It's Frieza!
This can't be happening!
How can anyone go toe-to-toe
with a Spirit Bomb that size
and not be squashed flat?!
He's... unreal!
[quivers]
[PICCOLO] Goku!
Piccolo!
[chuckle]
No... No. You can't be...
[GOHAN] No... please...
Piccolo!
I-I... spoke too soon...
You look dazed...
What's wrong?
Hm?
Piccolo...
has been brought down.
[gasp]
But... I thought
you said Frieza'd been
defeated once and for all!
[KING KAI] I was horribly,
horribly wrong...
[KING KAI] Perhaps
all of our hopes
have been in vain!
Piccolo... Please. Get up.
Frie... za!
Bravo, my friend...!
You very nearly brought
the mighty Frieza down...
[FRIEZA] I've never had
a call quite so close!
[GOKU]
Run... Both of you...
Now.
[GOKU] My ship's not
very far from here.
I want you to find Bulma
and set a course for Earth...
[GOKU]
I won't be joining you,
so don't get any
ideas about waiting.
Snap out of it, Gohan!
[gasp] I won't go...!
I owe it to Piccolo
to stay here and fight!
With what...?!
None of you have
enough strength left...!
The most you'll do
is get in the way!
[GOHAN gasp]
[KRILLIN] Goku...
You're serious...
I advise against
placing too much stock
in your escape,
though if you like
I can bring you
closer to home!
Krillin, look out!
Hope you aren't
afraid of heights...
Krillin!
[screaming]
Please! No!
[FRIEZA laughing]
No, Frieza! Don't do it!
Goku--!
[KING KAI gasp]
Who is it this time?!
Kri-- Krillin...
[FRIEZA chuckles]
[chuckle]
I think the brat
should go next...
You-- You... ruthless...
...heartless...
...bastard...!
[chuckle]
[sputtering]
♪
I will...
make you... suffer...
[sputtering]
[power yell]
What?!
Go...
Take Piccolo with you
and get out of here, now.
Find Bulma, find
the spaceship, and go.
Arrrhhh!
Do as I tell you!
Right now! Before I lose
what little sense
of reason I have left!
Okay!
[NARRATOR] The fires of
Goku's temper have flared.
And his rage now burns with
the heat of a mighty inferno.
Will Goku's unsettling
transformation prove
to be Frieza's nightmare?
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Don't think I haven't
got the strength
to avenge my
friends, you bastard!
I'm done showing mercy!
[FRIEZA] Saiyans are only meant
to transform into giant apes!
What are you?!
[GOKU chuckles]
[GOKU] You really want to know?
I am Goku, the
legendary Super Saiyan!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Say goodnight, Frieza!